# ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions)

Lists the versions of all objects in a bucket, including delete markers.

Usage notes

When you call the ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) operation, all versions of objects in the bucket are returned, including delete markers. When you call the ListObjects (GetBucket) operation, the current versions of objects in the bucket are returned, excluding delete markers.

When you call the ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) operation, objects are returned in alphabetic order, but the versions of each object are returned by creation time in descending order.

If you enable logging and real-time log query for the bucket for which you call the ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) operation, the value of the operation field in the log generated by calling the operation is GetBucket.

You are charged based on the number of PUT requests when you call the ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) operation. For more information, see API operation calling fees.

Request structure
 
GET /?versions HTTP/1.1
Host: BucketName.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com
Date: GMT Date
Authorization: SignatureValue
Request headers

All headers in a DescribeRegions request are common request headers. For more information, see Common request headers.

Request parameters

When you call the GetBucketVersions (ListObjectVersions) operation, you can specify the following parameters to filter the returned results: prefix, key-marker, version-id-marker, delimiter, and max-keys.

Parameter

	

Type

	

Required

	

Example

	

Description




delimiter

	

String

	

No

	

/

	

The character that you want to use to group objects by name. If you specify prefix and delimiter in the request, the response contains CommonPrefixes. The objects whose name contains the same string from the prefix to the next occurrence of the delimiter are grouped as a single result element in CommonPrefixes.

If you set prefix to a directory name and delimiter to a forward slash (/), only objects in the directory are returned. The names of the subdirectories within the directory are returned in the CommonPrefixes element. However, objects and directories in the subdirectories are not listed.

By default, this parameter is left empty.




key-marker

	

String

	

The key-marker parameter is required if the version-id-marker parameter is specified.

	

example

	

Specifies that objects whose names are alphabetically after the value of the key-marker parameter are returned. This parameter can be specified together with version-id-marker.

The value of key-marker must be less than 1,024 bytes in length.

By default, this parameter is left empty.




version-id-marker

	

String

	

No

	

CAEQMxiBgICbof2D0BYiIGRhZjgwMzJiMjA3MjQ0ODE5MWYxZDYwMzJlZjU1****

	

Specifies that the versions created before the version specified by version-id-marker for the object whose name is specified by key-marker are returned by creation time in descending order. By default, if this parameter is not specified, the results are returned from the latest version of the object whose name is alphabetically greater than the key-marker value.

By default, this parameter is left empty.

Valid values: version IDs.




max-keys

	

String

	

No

	

100

	

The maximum number of objects to return.

If the number of returned objects exceeds the value of the max-keys parameter, the response contains the NextKeyMarker and NextVersionIdMarker parameters as the markers for the next ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) request. The NextKeyMarker and NextVersionIdMarker values are included in the response.

Valid values: 1 to 999.

Default value: 100.




prefix

	

String

	

No

	

fun

	

The prefix that the names of returned objects must contain.

The value of prefix must be less than 1,024 bytes in length.

If you specify a prefix in the request, the names of the returned objects contain the prefix.

If you set prefix to a directory name in the request, the objects whose names contain the prefix are listed, including all objects and subdirectories in the directory.

By default, this parameter is left empty.




encoding-type

	

String

	

No

	

URL

	

The encoding type of the content in the response.

By default, this parameter is left empty.

Valid value: URL.

Important

The values of delimiter, marker, prefix, NextMarker, and Key are UTF-8 encoded. If the value of delimiter, marker, prefix, NextMarker, or Key contains a control character that is not supported by the XML 1.0 standard, you can specify the encoding-type parameter to encode the value in the response.

Response parameters

Parameter

	

Type

	

Example

	

Description




ListVersionsResult

	

Container

	

N/A

	

The container that stores the results of the ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) operation.

Child nodes: Name, Prefix, Marker, MaxKeys, Delimiter, IsTruncated, NextMarker, Version, and DeleteMarker

Parent nodes: none




CommonPrefixes

	

Container

	

N/A

	

Indicates that if the delimiter parameter is specified in the request, the response contains the CommonPrefixes parameter. Objects whose names contain the same string from the prefix to the next occurrence of the delimiter are grouped as a single result element in CommonPrefixes.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




Delimiter

	

String

	

/

	

The character that is used to group objects by name. The objects whose names contain the same string from the prefix to the next occurrence of the delimiter are grouped as a single result element in the CommonPrefixes parameter.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




EncodingType

	

String

	

URL

	

The encoding type of the content in the response. If you specify encoding-type in the request, the values of Delimiter, Marker, Prefix, NextMarker, and Key are encoded in the response.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




IsTruncated

	

String

	

true

	

Indicates whether the returned results are truncated.

true: indicates that not all results are returned for the request.

false: indicates that all results are returned for the request.

Valid values: true and false.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




KeyMarker

	

String

	

example

	

Indicates the object from which the ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) operation starts.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




VersionIdMarker

	

String

	

CAEQMxiBgICbof2D0BYiIGRhZjgwMzJiMjA3MjQ0ODE5MWYxZDYwMzJlZjU1****

	

The version from which the ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) operation starts. This parameter is used together with KeyMarker.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




NextKeyMarker

	

String

	

test

	

If not all results are returned for the request, the NextKeyMarker parameter is included in the response to indicate the key-marker value of the next ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) request.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




NextVersionIdMarker

	

String

	

CAEQGBiBgIC_jq7P9xYiIDRiZWJkNjY2Y2Q4NDQ5ZTI5ZGE5ODIxMTIyZThl****

	

If not all results are returned for the request, the NextVersionIdMarker parameter is included in the response to indicate the version-id-marker value of the next ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) request.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




MaxKeys

	

String

	

1000

	

The maximum number of objects that can be returned in the response.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




Name

	

String

	

examplebucket-1250000000

	

The name of the bucket.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




Prefix

	

String

	

fun

	

The prefix that must be included in the names of the listed objects.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




Version

	

Container

	

N/A

	

The container that stores the versions of objects, excluding delete markers.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




DeleteMarker

	

Container

	

N/A

	

The container that stores delete markers.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult




ETag

	

String

	

250F8A0AE989679A22926A875F0A2****

	

The ETag that is generated when an object is created. ETags are used to identify the content of objects.

If an object is created by calling the PutObject operation, the ETag of the object is the MD5 hash of the object content.

If an object is created by using another method, the ETag is not the MD5 hash of the object content but a unique value that is calculated based on a specific rule.

Note

The ETag of an object can be used only to check whether the object content was modified. We recommend that you use the MD5 hash of an object instead of the ETag of the object to verify data integrity.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version




Key

	

String

	

example

	

The name of the object.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version and ListVersionsResult.DeleteMarker




LastModified

	

Time

	

2019-04-09T07:27:28.000Z

	

The time when the returned objects were last modified.

Note

The minimum storage duration (30 days) of IA objects is calculated based on the last modified time of the objects. If the value of the Last-Modified header is 30 days earlier than the current time, you are not charged for the storage usage of the IA object that is stored for less than the minimum storage duration.

The minimum storage duration (60 days) of Archive objects is calculated based on the last modified time of the objects. If the value of the Last-Modified header is 60 days earlier than the current time, you are not charged for the storage usage of the Archive object that is stored for less than the minimum storage duration.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version and ListVersionsResult.DeleteMarker




TransitionTime

	

Time

	

2024-04-23T07:21:42.000Z

	

The time when the storage class of the returned objects is changed to Cold Archive or Deep Cold Archive based on lifecycle rules.

Note

If the object is stored for more than 180 days after the storage class of the object is converted, you are not charged for the storage usage of the Cold Archive or Deep Cold Archive object that is stored for less than the minimum storage duration. If the object is stored for less than 180 days after the storage class of the object is converted, you are charged for the storage usage of the Cold Archive or Deep Cold Archive object that is stored for less than the minimum storage duration.

You cannot use this header to query the time when the storage class of the object is converted to Infrequent Access (IA) or Archive based on lifecycle rules. You can determine whether the object is stored for more than the minimum storage duration based on the value of the Last-Modified header.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version and ListVersionsResult.DeleteMarker




VersionId

	

String

	

CAEQMxiBgMDNoP2D0BYiIDE3MWUxNzgxZDQxNTRiODI5OGYwZGMwNGY3MzZjN****

	

The version ID of the object.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version and ListVersionsResult.DeleteMarker




IsLatest

	

String

	

true

	

Indicates whether the version is the current version.

Valid values:

true

false

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version and ListVersionsResult.DeleteMarker




Size

	

String

	

93731

	

The size of the object. Unit: bytes.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version and ListVersionsResult.DeleteMarker




StorageClass

	

String

	

Standard

	

The storage class of the object.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version and ListVersionsResult.DeleteMarker




Owner

	

Container

	

N/A

	

The container that stores information about the bucket owner.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version and ListVersionsResult.DeleteMarker




DisplayName

	

String

	

12345125285864390

	

The name of the object owner.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version.Owner and ListVersionsResult.DeleteMarker.Owner




ID

	

String

	

1234512528586****

	

The user ID of the bucket owner.

Parent nodes: ListVersionsResult.Version.Owner and ListVersionsResult.DeleteMarker.Owner




RestoreInfo

	

String

	

ongoing-request="true"

	

The restoration status of the object.

If no RestoreObject requests are sent or the requests expire, this field is not included in the response.

If a RestoreObject request is sent but the restoration is not complete, the value of this response parameter is ongoing-request="true".

If a RestoreObject request is sent and the restoration is complete, the value of this response parameter is in the ongoing-request="false", expiry-date="Thu, 24 Sep 2020 12:40:33 GMT" format, in which the expiry-date field indicates the time before which the restored object can be read.

For more information about the common response headers, such as x-oss-request-id and Content-Type in the response to a ListObjectVersions (GetBucketVersions) request, see Common response headers.

Examples

List the versions of objects in an unversioned bucket

Sample requests

 
GET /?versions HTTP/1.1
Host: oss-example.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com
Date: Tue, 09 Apr 2019 07:27:48 GMT
Authorization: OSS qn6q**************:77Dv****************

Sample success response

 
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/xml
Content-Length: 1262
Connection: keep-alive
Date: Thu, Tue, 09 Apr 2019 07:27:48 GMT
Server: AliyunOSS
x-oss-request-id: 534B371674E88A4D8906****

<ListVersionsResult>
    <Name>examplebucket-1250000000</Name>
    <Prefix/>
    <KeyMarker/>
    <VersionIdMarker/>
    <MaxKeys>1000</MaxKeys>
    <IsTruncated>false</IsTruncated>
    <Version>
        <Key>example-object-1.jpg</Key>
        <VersionId/>
        <IsLatest>true</IsLatest>
        <LastModified>2019-08-5T12:03:10.000Z</LastModified>    
        <ETag>5B3C1A2E053D763E1B669CC607C5A0FE1****</ETag>
        <Size>20</Size>
        <StorageClass>STANDARD</StorageClass>
        <Owner>
            <ID>1250000000</ID>
            <DisplayName>1250000000</DisplayName>
        </Owner>
        <TransitionTime>2024-04-23T07:21:42.000Z</TransitionTime>
    </Version>
    <Version>
        <Key>example-object-2.jpg</Key>
        <VersionId/>
        <IsLatest>true</IsLatest>
        <LastModified>2019-08-9T12:03:09.000Z</LastModified>
        <ETag>5B3C1A2E053D763E1B002CC607C5A0FE1****</ETag>
        <Size>20</Size>
        <StorageClass>STANDARD</StorageClass>
        <Owner>
            <ID>1250000000</ID>
            <DisplayName>1250000000</DisplayName>
        </Owner>
    </Version>
    <Version>
        <Key>example-object-3.jpg</Key>
        <VersionId/>
        <IsLatest>true</IsLatest>
        <LastModified>2019-08-10T12:03:08.000Z</LastModified>
        <ETag>4B3F1A2E053D763E1B002CC607C5AGTRF****</ETag>
        <Size>20</Size>
        <StorageClass>STANDARD</StorageClass>
        <Owner>
            <ID>1250000000</ID>
            <DisplayName>1250000000</DisplayName>
        </Owner>
    </Version>
</ListVersionsResult>

List the versions of objects in a versioning-enabled bucket

In this example, two objects named example and