# PostVodPlaylist

Generates a VOD playlist for the specified LiveChannel. Object Storage Service (OSS) queries the ts files that are generated by the streams ingested to the specified LiveChannel within the specified time period and converges the files into an m3u8 playlist.

Request syntax
 
POST /ChannelName/PlaylistName?vod&endTime=EndTime&startTime=StartTime HTTP/1.1
Date: GMT date
Host: BucketName.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com
Authorization: SignatureValue
Request parameters

Parameter

	

Type

	

Required

	

Example

	

Description




ChannelName

	

String

	

Yes

	

test-channel

	

The name of an existing LiveChannel.




PlaylistName

	

String

	

Yes

	

vod.m3u8

	

The name of the generated VOD playlist, which must end with ".m3u8".




StartTime

	

Integer

	

Yes

	

1472020031

	

Specifies the start time of the time range during which the ts files that you want to query are generated in the Unix timestamp format. Unit: seconds.

Important

The generated playlist contains the ts files only when the start time (the returned timestamps of the ts files by calling GetVodPlaylist) of the ts files is within the time range specified by StartTime and EndTime.




EndTime

	

Integer

	

Yes

	

1472020226

	

Specifies the end time of the time range during which the ts files that you want to query are generated in the Unix timestamp format. Unit: seconds.

Note

The value of EndTime must be greater than the value of StartTime. The duration between EndTime and StartTime must be less than one day.

For more information about the common request headers included in PostVodPlaylist requests such as Host and Date, see Common HTTP headers.

Response headers

All headers in the response to a PostVodPlaylist request are common response headers. For more information, see Common response headers.

Examples

Sample requests

 
POST /test-channel/vod.m3u8?vod&endTime=1543895706266&startTime=1543895706263 HTTP/1.1
Date: Thu, 25 Aug 2016 07:13:26 GMT
Host: examplebucket.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com
Authorization: OSS4-HMAC-SHA256 Credential=LTAI********************/20250417/cn-hangzhou/oss/aliyun_v4_request,Signature=a7c3554c729d71929e0b84489addee6b2e8d5cb48595adfc51868c299c0c218e

Sample responses

 
HTTP/1.1 200
content-length: 0
server: AliyunOSS
connection: close
etag: "9C6104DD9CF1A0C4D0CFD21F4390****"
x-oss-request-id: 57BE9A96B92475920B002359
date: Thu, 25 Aug 2016 07:13:26 GMT